Update breaking changes docs (#11439)
elastic/beats: libbeat/docs/breaking.asciidoc

This section discusses the main changes that you should be aware of if you
upgrade the Beats to version 7.0. {see-relnotes}

> ==== Disable HTML escaping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== HTML escaping is disabled by default
```

Reviewer: Added a few words to make it clear that you are describing a behavior and not telling users to do something.

Starting with verion 7.0, embedded HTML or special symbols like `<` and `>` are

> not escaped anymore by default when publishing events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
no longer escaped by default when publishing events.
```

> The old behavior of escaping HTML can still be configured by `escape_html:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the old behavior of escaping HTML, set `escape_html:
```

> true` in the outputs configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
true` in the output configuration.
```

//tag::notable-breaking-changes[]

==== Field name changes

include::./field-name-changes.asciidoc[]

//end::notable-breaking-changes[]

==== Auditbeat type changes

The Auditbeat JSON data types produced by the output have been changed to align
with the data types used in the Elasticsearch index template.

.Auditbeat Type Changes in 7.0
[frame="topbot",options="header"]
|======================
|Field|Old Type|New Type
|`file.gid`     |number |string
|`file.uid`     |number |string
|`process.pid`  |string |number
|`process.ppid` |string |number
|======================

//tag::notable-breaking-changes[]
==== Filebeat registry

> Filebeat will store the registry in a sub-directory, starting with version 7.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 7.0, Filebeat stores the registry in a sub-directory.
```

> The directory is configured using the new `filebeat.registry.path` setting. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set the location of the directory, use the `filebeat.registry.path` setting.
```

> Filebeat will automatically migrate the registry file, if it find the old

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Filebeat finds an old registry file at the configured location, it will
```

> registry file at the configured location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 automatically migrate the registry file to the new format.
```

This section discusses the main changes that you should be aware of if you
upgrade the Beats to version 7.0. {see-relnotes}

> ==== Disable HTML escaping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== HTML escaping is disabled by default
```

Starting with verion 7.0, embedded HTML or special symbols like `<` and `>` are

> not escaped anymore by default when publishing events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
no longer escaped by default when publishing events.
```

> The old behavior of escaping HTML can still be configured by `escape_html:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the old behavior of escaping HTML, set `escape_html:
```

> true` in the outputs configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
true` in the output configuration.
```

//tag::notable-breaking-changes[]
==== Filebeat registry

> Filebeat will store the registry in a sub-directory, starting with version 7.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 7.0, Filebeat stores the registry in a sub-directory.
```

> The directory is configured using the new `filebeat.registry.path` setting. 

Reviewer: The `filebeat.registry.path` setting specifies the location of the directory.

> Filebeat will automatically migrate the registry file, if it find the old

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Filebeat finds an old registry file at the configured location, it will
```

> registry file at the configured location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically migrate the registry file to the new format.
```

The settings `filebeat.registry_flush` and `filebeat.registry_file_permission`
have been renamed to `filebeat.registry.flush` and
`filebeat.registry.file_permission`.

//end::notable-breaking-changes[]

==== ILM support

Support for Index Lifecycle Management is GA with Beats version 7.0. This

> release moved most ILM setting from the `output.elasticsearch.ilm` namespace to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
release moved most ILM settings from the `output.elasticsearch.ilm` namespace to
```
